Create tutorial for Bayesian Neural ODE: NUTS. (#455)
SciML/DiffEqFlux.jl: docs/src/examples/BayesianNODE_NUTS.md

    resol = predict_neuralode(samples[100:end][rand(1:400)])
    plot!(tsteps,resol[1,:], alpha=0.04, color = :red, label = "")
    plot!(tsteps,resol[2,:], alpha=0.04, color = :blue, label = "")
end

idx = findmin(losses)[2]
prediction = predict_neuralode(samples[idx])

plot!(tsteps,prediction[1,:], color = :black, w = 2, label = "")
plot!(tsteps,prediction[2,:], color = :black, w = 2, label = "Best fit prediction", ylims = (-2.5, 3.5))

#################### RETRODICTED PLOTS - CONTOUR ####################
pl = scatter(ode_data[1,:], ode_data[2,:], color = :red, label = "Data",  xlabel = "Var1", ylabel = "Var2", title = "Spiral Neural ODE")

for k in 1:300
    resol = predict_neuralode(samples[100:end][rand(1:400)])
    plot!(resol[1,:],resol[2,:], alpha=0.04, color = :red, label = "")
end

plot!(prediction[1,:], prediction[2,:], color = :black, w = 2, label = "Best fit prediction", ylims = (-2.5, 3))

######################## CHAIN DIAGNOSIS PLOTS#########################
samples = hcat(samples...)

samples_reduced = samples[1:5, :]

samples_reshape = reshape(samples_reduced, (500, 5, 1))

Chain_Spiral = Chains(samples_reshape)

plot(Chain_Spiral)

autocorplot(Chain_Spiral)

> ```

Reviewer: Add the images of the plots here, take a look at the other md files with images for how to do it if you are unfamiliar

Author: Yup. Added plots of chain diagnosis as well as the retrodicted plots.

# Bayesian Neural ODEs: NUTS
The DiffEqFlux.jl library in Julia can be seamlessly combined with Bayesian estimation

> librarries likes AdvancedHMC.jl and Turing.jl. This enables converting Neural ODEs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
libraries likes AdvancedHMC.jl and Turing.jl. This enables converting Neural ODEs
```

Reviewer: I think we need a more convincing introduction, this doesn't show the motivation of why we want to integrate bayesian with neural odes, just throw some of the abstract from the paper here

Author: My thinking was that when a person comes to visit this tutorial,  having seen the paper, that person would be convinced of why this integration is needed.

However, doesn't hurt to be more comprehensive. 

I have tried to make it comprehensive now.

for k in 1:300
    resol = predict_neuralode(samples[100:end][rand(1:400)])
    plot!(resol[1,:],resol[2,:], alpha=0.04, color = :red, label = "")
end

plot!(prediction[1,:], prediction[2,:], color = :black, w = 2, label = "Best fit prediction", ylims = (-2.5, 3))

```
Time Series Plots:

![](https://github.com/RajDandekar/BayesianNeuralODE.jl/blob/master/BayesianNODE_NUTS_TimeSeriesPlot.png?raw=true)

Contour Plots:

![](https://github.com/RajDandekar/BayesianNeuralODE.jl/blob/master/BayesianNODE_NUTS_ContourPlot.png?raw=true)

```julia
######################## CHAIN DIAGNOSIS PLOTS#########################
samples = hcat(samples...)

samples_reduced = samples[1:5, :]

samples_reshape = reshape(samples_reduced, (500, 5, 1))

Chain_Spiral = Chains(samples_reshape)

plot(Chain_Spiral)

autocorplot(Chain_Spiral)

```

Chain Mixing Plot:

![](https://github.com/RajDandekar/BayesianNeuralODE.jl/blob/master/BayesianNODE_NUTS_ChainPlot1.png?raw=true)

Auto-Corelation Plot:

![](https://github.com/RajDandekar/BayesianNeuralODE.jl/blob/master/BayesianNODE_NUTS_ChainPlot2.png?raw=true)

## Explanation

> Step1:Get the data from the Spiral ODE example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Step 1: Get the data from the Spiral ODE example
```

Reviewer: And similarly for the other steps, I think it might looks better nothing more 😅

Author: It's good to focus on the asthetics..Sometimes, I don't focus too much on that, appreciate the suggestion.

```julia
u0 = [2.0; 0.0]
datasize = 40
tspan = (0.0, 1)
tsteps = range(tspan[1], tspan[2], length = datasize)

function trueODEfunc(du, u, p, t)
    true_A = [-0.1 2.0; -2.0 -0.1]
    du .= ((u.^3)'true_A)'
end

prob_trueode = ODEProblem(trueODEfunc, u0, tspan)
ode_data = Array(solve(prob_trueode, Tsit5(), saveat = tsteps))
```

> Step2: Define the Neural ODE architecture. Note that this step potentially offers a lot of flexibility in the number of layers/ number of units in each layer. It may not necessarily be true that a 100 units

Reviewer: Split out the step heading and the description, in step 4 as well

> # Bayesian Neural ODEs: NUTS

Reviewer 2: why only NUTS?

Author: In this tutorial, only NUTS is shown. 

For SGLD, we can put it in another tutorial. Else, I feel this tutorial will be too big.
